Update README Roadmap, Related Projects for .NET 7 (#40076)
dotnet/aspnetcore: README.md

* [Download our latest daily builds](./docs/DailyBuilds.md)
* Follow along with the development of ASP.NET Core:
    * [Community Standup](https://live.asp.net): The community standup is held every week and streamed live to YouTube. You can view past standups in the linked playlist.

>     * [Roadmap](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/39504): The schedule and milestone themes for ASP.NET Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Roadmap](https://aka.ms/aspnet/roadmap): The schedule and milestone themes for ASP.NET Core.
```
